README.md, before:

# ag.WPF.NumericBox

Custom WPF control for input and formatted output of decimal values

![Nuget](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/ag.WPF.NumericBox)

![ag.WPF.NumericBox](https://am3pap005files.storage.live.com/y4mhS74mqoGJrNoAnjaOXlLKejHz1kagtJDHhYQIVP8Yfq2X-TqbYdnvRdcoD0womRo4hLLc3uoFxFIPYm7G09GS4V4QkYK73V0UMg9PbHeioll1SmKOf-178UOx7q1QxvsxrHeyuvnE7E45UKgE3QCEq65IIJt5wBJM_6g-MTT7KcidkzfL4vEzkBARYwEfIVX?width=274&height=83&cropmode=none "ag.WPF.NumericBox")

## Installation

Use Nuget packages

[ag.WPF.NumericBox](https://www.nuget.org/packages/ag.WPF.NumericBox/)

## Usage

```csharp
<Window x:Class="TestNet.MainWindow"
        xmlns="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2006/xaml/presentation"
        xmlns:x="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2006/xaml"
        xmlns:d="http://schemas.microsoft.com/expression/blend/2008"
        xmlns:mc="http://schemas.openxmlformats.org/markup-compatibility/2006"
        xmlns:num="clr-namespace:ag.WPF.NumericBox;assembly=ag.WPF.NumericBox"
        xmlns:local="clr-namespace:TestNet"
        mc:Ignorable="d"
        Title="MainWindow" Height="450" Width="800">
    <Grid>
        <num:NumericBox Width="400" DecimalPlaces="2" Value="0" />
    </Grid>
</Window>
```

## Properties

Property name | Return value | Description | Default value
--- | --- | --- | ---
DecimalPlaces | uint | Gets or sets the value that indicates the count of decimal digits shown at NumericBox | 0
IsReadOnly | bool | Gets or sets the value that indicates whether NumericBox is in read-only state | False
NegativeForeground | SolidColorBrush | Gets or sets the Brush to apply to the text contents of NumericBox when control's value is negative | Red
UseGroupSeparator | bool | Gets or sets the value that indicates whether group separator is used for number formatting | True
Value | decimal? | Gets or sets the value of NumericBox | null
TextAlignment | TextAlignment | Gets or sets the text alignment of NumericBox | Left
ShowTrailingZeros | bool | Gets or sets the value that indicates whether trailing zeros in decimal part of NumericBox should be shown | True
TruncateFractionalPart | bool | Gets or sets the property specified whether fractional part of decimal value will be truncated (True) accordingly to DecimalPlaces or rounded (False) | False

## Events

Event | Description
--- | ---
DecimalPlacesChanged |  Occurs when the DecimalPlaces property has been changed in some way
IsReadOnlyChanged | Occurs when the IsReadOnly property has been changed in some way
NegativeForegroundChanged | Occurs when the NegativeForeground property has been changed in some way
UseGroupSeparatorChanged | Occurs when the UseGroupSeparator property has been changed in some way
ValueChanged | Occurs when the Value property has been changed in some way
TextAlignmentChanged | Occurs when the TextAlignment property has been changed in some way
ShowTrailingZerosChanged | Occurs when the ShowTrailingZeros property has been changed in some way
TruncateFractionalPartChanged | Occurs when the TruncateFractionalPart property has been changed in some way

Commit message:

Sets TruncateFractionalPart default to true, adds read only Text property, edits READMY, uploads fixed package

README.md, after:

# ag.WPF.NumericBox

Custom WPF control for input and formatted output of decimal values

![Nuget](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/ag.WPF.NumericBox)

![ag.WPF.NumericBox](https://am3pap005files.storage.live.com/y4mhS74mqoGJrNoAnjaOXlLKejHz1kagtJDHhYQIVP8Yfq2X-TqbYdnvRdcoD0womRo4hLLc3uoFxFIPYm7G09GS4V4QkYK73V0UMg9PbHeioll1SmKOf-178UOx7q1QxvsxrHeyuvnE7E45UKgE3QCEq65IIJt5wBJM_6g-MTT7KcidkzfL4vEzkBARYwEfIVX?width=274&height=83&cropmode=none "ag.WPF.NumericBox")

## Installation

Use Nuget packages

[ag.WPF.NumericBox](https://www.nuget.org/packages/ag.WPF.NumericBox/)

## Usage

```csharp
<Window x:Class="TestNet.MainWindow"
        xmlns="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2006/xaml/presentation"
        xmlns:x="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2006/xaml"
        xmlns:d="http://schemas.microsoft.com/expression/blend/2008"
        xmlns:mc="http://schemas.openxmlformats.org/markup-compatibility/2006"
        xmlns:num="clr-namespace:ag.WPF.NumericBox;assembly=ag.WPF.NumericBox"
        xmlns:local="clr-namespace:TestNet"
        mc:Ignorable="d"
        Title="MainWindow" Height="450" Width="800">
    <Grid>
        <num:NumericBox Width="400" DecimalPlaces="2" Value="0" />
    </Grid>
</Window>
```

## Properties

Property name | Return value | Description | Default value
--- | --- | --- | ---
DecimalPlaces | uint | Gets or sets the value that indicates the count of decimal digits shown at NumericBox | 0
IsReadOnly | bool | Gets or sets the value that indicates whether NumericBox is in read-only state | False
NegativeForeground | SolidColorBrush | Gets or sets the Brush to apply to the text contents of NumericBox when control's value is negative | Red
UseGroupSeparator | bool | Gets or sets the value that indicates whether group separator is used for number formatting | True
Value | decimal? | Gets or sets the value of NumericBox | null
TextAlignment | TextAlignment | Gets or sets the text alignment of NumericBox | Left
ShowTrailingZeros | bool | Gets or sets the value that indicates whether trailing zeros in decimal part of NumericBox should be shown | True
TruncateFractionalPart | bool | Gets or sets the property specified whether fractional part of decimal value will be truncated (True) accordingly to DecimalPlaces or rounded (False) | True
Text (read only) | string | Gets the string representation of Value property | 

## Events

Event | Description
--- | ---
DecimalPlacesChanged |  Occurs when the DecimalPlaces property has been changed in some way
IsReadOnlyChanged | Occurs when the IsReadOnly property has been changed in some way
NegativeForegroundChanged | Occurs when the NegativeForeground property has been changed in some way
UseGroupSeparatorChanged | Occurs when the UseGroupSeparator property has been changed in some way
ValueChanged | Occurs when the Value property has been changed in some way
TextAlignmentChanged | Occurs when the TextAlignment property has been changed in some way
ShowTrailingZerosChanged | Occurs when the ShowTrailingZeros property has been changed in some way
TruncateFractionalPartChanged | Occurs when the TruncateFractionalPart property has been changed in some way
